Brother Wuji
Tell me, what's the hurry?
The Zhao family birthday banquet a few days ago
Didn't you say you want to thank me?
Here's your chance.
My family forced me to go on a blind date
I've never even met that guy.
So I want you to pretend to be my boyfriend
Help me deal with it
I said in English that I only treat you as my sister
We oops where do you think
Really just pretend
Brother Wuji, please help me
Okay, so just this once?
I knew Brother Wuji was the best for me. Let's go
A blind date in Xiangcheng?
It's my mom's birthday in a few days.
I want to choose a gift for him.
By the way, did you bring any money?
Go shopping with girls
It's impolite not to pay the bill.
I didn't bring much money
However, I have this purple gold black card
unlimited amount to swipe at will
You can buy it.
All consumption today will be paid by Mr. Xiao
Great, I must kill you today
English